---
description: 'List of new epics to implement in order, starting with removing unused code. Each epic includes a brief description and implementation notes.'
applyTo: '**'
---

# New Epics to Implement

Load the bmad-correct-course skill

Here are a list of new epics I would like to add in the order I would like to implement them:

- Remove unused code.
- Fix CUSIP lookup by potentially switching to massive.com API
- Make sure none of our unit tests are skipped. Either unskip or delete them.
- Improve lint rules by implementing the rules at https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DaveMBush/SmartNgRX/refs/heads/v-next/eslint.config.js that are not already implemented
- Make sure as much CSS as possible uses Tailwind CSS or theme css instead of implementing manually at the component level
- Upgrade Tailwind CSS to version 4 (from version 3)
- Cosmetics on CUSIP page
- Add Storybook for display only components.

## Remove unused code

I believe there is code, especially in the dms-material project, that is not being used because you created new code when you got to a similar problem. We had created screens and then we wired them up. But by the time we got to the wiring them up part, you had forgotten we had already created the screens. So, now we have two sets of screens. We need to go through all the code and verify that it is really needed. This is a particularly interesting problem because, many times, the code is not directly referenced. For example, components are often referenced by tags in the HTML and services are registered and then injected.

As a suggestion, I would suggest you remove code and then run all the quality checks as outlined in quality-validation.prompt.md. If the code is really needed, then the quality checks will fail and you can restore the code and move on to the next piece of code. If the code is not needed, then you have successfully removed it and can move on to the next piece of code.

## Fix CUSIP lookup by potentially switching to massive.com API

We had previously implemented a CUSIP lookup using the OpenFIGI API. However, it seems that the OpenFIGI API is not returning results for some CUSIPs. We may want to switch to the massive.com API, which is a paid service but has a free tier that allows for 5 API calls per minute. We would need to implement the API calls to massive.com and then update our CUSIP lookup code to use the new API. Everything else should remain the same, including the caching, the UI, and the way we handle the results.

Before fully implementing the switch we should verify that the massive.com API returns results for the CUSIPs that are currently failing with the OpenFIGI API. We can do this by making some test API calls to massive.com and comparing the results to the OpenFIGI API results.

The CUSIP values that are currently failing with OPENfigi are:

- 691543102
- 88636J527
- 88634T493

## Make sure none of our unit tests are skipped.

We currently have some unit tests and e2e tests that are skipped and have not yet been enabled. We need to either enable this tests or delete them if they are no longer relevant. For each test that is skipped, we should review the test and determine if it is still relevant and has not already been covered by other tests. If the test is still relevant, we should unskip it and make sure it passes. If the test is no longer relevant, we should delete it to reduce clutter and maintenance overhead.

## Improve lint rules

Our lint rules are relatively weak compared to other projects I've worked on. We should implement the rules at https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DaveMBush/SmartNgRX/refs/heads/v-next/eslint.config.js that are not already implemented in our current lint configuration. This will help us catch more potential issues and improve the overall quality of our code.

There will be some rules, like the jest rules, that will not be appropriate because we use vitest instead of jest. In this case, we should look for equivalent rules that work with vitest as appropriate.

## Make sure as much CSS as possible uses Tailwind CSS or theme css

Much of our current code drifted away from using Tailwind CSS and the Theme's CSS and instead implemented custom CSS at the component level. For this project, we want to avoid placing custom CSS in our components since we have Tailwind CSS already available and it is a best practice to use utility classes instead of custom CSS when possible. We should go through our code and identify any places where we have custom CSS and determine if we can replace it with Tailwind CSS utility classes or theme CSS. If we can replace it, we should do so. If we cannot replace it, we should at least try to minimize the amount of custom CSS and ensure that it is well organized and documented.

As part of this effort, we should also review our \_bmad-output/project-context.md documentation to ensure that it specifies that Tailwind CSS and the Theme's CSS is a priority over component level CSS.

## Upgrade Tailwind CSS to version 4 (from version 3)

There is currently a branch in the repository: dependabot/npm_and_yarn/tailwindcss-4.2.1 and a PR that goes with it: https://github.com/DaveMBush/dms-workspace/pull/501 that upgrades tailwind CSS to version 4. As you'll see when you look at the PR, this breaks the CI pipeline.

We need to do whatever is needed to get Tailwind CSS upgraded to version 4. We don't have to use the current branch and PR. I've just pointed you in that direction so you have a better idea what I'm talking about. You can start from scratch if you want. The main thing is that we need to get Tailwind CSS upgraded to version 4 and ensure that our CI pipeline is passing with the new version.

## Cosmetics on CUSIP Cache page

There are cosmetic issues on the CUSIP page that we should address. Most of them are in dark mode. Use the Playwright MCP server and place the application in dark mode to see the issues. One of the issues is that we have white on white text in the recently added section. This is either because of a theming issue or because we were hardcoding colors. If we've properly addressed the issues in the Tailwind/Theme CSS epic, this issue may no longer be visible. If it is still visible, we should address it by ensuring that we are using the appropriate theme colors and not hardcoding any colors in our CSS.

## Add Storybook for display only components.

One thing we did not do and I wish we had done is to make Storybook part of how we do quality checks. We want to add stories for all of our display only components. We'd also like to add Storybook stories for each of our pages by mocking the data as needed. This will be a bit more difficult but if we've architected our code well, it should be relatively straight forward to do.

Once we have the stories in place, we will want to use Playwright to run visual regression tests against our Storybook stories as part of our CI pipeline. This will help us catch any visual regressions and ensure that our UI remains consistent as we make changes to our code. So the final part of this epic will be to implement visual regression testing against our Storybook stories using Playwright.
