# New Epics to Implement

## Missing Open Positions Fields

The Open Positions tab is missing the computation for Expected$, Last$ Unrlz Gain%, Unrlz Gain$, and Target Gain.

I think these all got removed when we started retrieving the symbol from the server instead of on the client. You may need to look at the github history to see how these were implemented on the client side before we removed the computation as part of our move to retrieving the symbol on the server side.

When you re-implement these fields, re-implement them on the server side. Also, make sure to also compute the Target Sell column on the server side and remove any computation of the Target Sell on the client side.

## Electron Setup Scripts

To get the Electron app to work correctly, we need to make some adjustments to how the server runs in the Electron environment.

First, we need a way to install/create the database file when we install the Electron app the first time. The database should live in the user's HOME directory under a directory called .dms. So the path to the database file should be ~/.dms/dms.db (on Linux and Mac) and C:\Users\USERNAME\.dms\dms.db (on Windows).

Second, we need a way to update the database file when it changes. Normally, this would be done with the prisma utilities, but there is no guarantee that node will be available on the user's machine when they install the Electron app so we need to find a way to update the database that does not rely on node being available. If possible, I'd like to just embed the prisma utilities in the electron app and use them to update the database. If this can't be done, maybe we can create an empty database file with the new schema and then copy/paste the data from the old database file to the new database file.

Third, the build process for the installs needs to be broken down to separately build for linux, mac, and windows so that we can build each individually. Mac has to be built on a Mac and right now that is not available so building them all at once stops when the Mac build fails. If we can break down the build process to build each individually, then we can at least build the Linux and Windows versions while we wait for access to a Mac to build the Mac version.
