# New Epics to Implement

## Janky Scrolling (again)

The Janky scrolling issue we've been working on is fixed as long as we only look at a freshly loaded screen. But if, for example, I load the Universe screen and change from one account to another, the janky scrolling is back. As if the act of changing accounts (or filter) resets or doesn't reset something that causes the scrolling to become unstable.

We've worked on this issue in the previous epics: 29, 31, 44, 60, 64, 87, 101 and 105. You can find the descriptions and pointers to stories for them in the #file:planning-artifacts folder.

## Closing a Position Doesn't Remove it

One the Open Positions screen, once I close a position by setting the sell date (Mst Rcnt Sll Dt) to a date and setting the sell price (Mst Rcnt Sell $) to a positive value, the position should be removed from the Open Positions list. It is not being removed until I refresh the page, which is a bug that needs to be fixed. The position should be removed as soon as I save the changes to it.

One easy way to handle this is when you see that editing a field has set the position to closed, you can use `handleSocketNotification('top', 'update', ['1']);` top that it needs to reload itself and children.

## Can't Install/Use the App on Linux Maybe Others

When I attempt to install the app on Linux, the installation process seems to complete successfully, but when I try to run the app using the AppImage, it fails because it can't run the migration.

The error I get back is:

Could not update the database schema.
Error: Migration failed: Invalid params: missing field `migrationsList`.
The application will now exit.

