# New Epics to Implement

## Dropdown Width for Universe RiskGroup Filter

The width of the dropdown for the Risk Group filter on the Universe screen is too narrow and cause the items to wrap instead of living on a single line. This makes it difficult to read and select the items in the dropdown. Please adjust the width of the dropdown to ensure that all items are displayed on a single line and are easily readable and selectable while still keeping the main field of the dropdown (what we see before we click on the dropdown button) the width of the column it is in.

## Fail to load dividends

The fetchDividendHistory function is failing to load ANY dividends for any security. For example, VFL and ACP have dividends. When I search manually, I can't even find VFL on dividendhistory.org.

dividendhistory.net seems to work better. It at least has VFL when I search manually. We should switch to using dividendhistory.net instead of dividendhistory.org to retrieve dividend information. Please update the code to use dividendhistory.net (and not dividendhistory.org) and make sure to test the new implementation thoroughly to ensure that we are able to retrieve dividend information correctly for all securities, including VFL and ACP.

Make sure you have appropriate protections against rate limiting. We should put enough space between requests that the request LOOK like they are being made by a human and not automatically.

Keep in mind that you may need to provide header information similar to what would be provided if the requests were being made by the browser.
