# New Epics to Implement

## How to create an Electron app

Either update the ./README.md file with instructions on how to create an Electron app that wraps the client, or create a new markdown file in the ./apps/electron folder with instructions on how to create an Electron app that wraps the client. The instructions should include how to configure the Electron BrowserWindow to load the built Angular app and handle internal Angular Router navigation correctly.

While you are here, it doesn't seem like the build process for the Electron app is working correctly.

## Volatility Doesn't Show Unless There are Positions

It seems like the long-term volatility column only shows if there are positions in the universe. This may just be coincidence. This is not ideal, as we want to be able to see the volatility for all symbols in the universe, regardless of whether we have positions in them or not. Because we need this information to make informed decisions both for purchase and selling. If we are calculating the volatility for each symbol regardless of whether we have positions in them or not, this indicates that we need an icon to indicate the volatility for each cell, not just the ones that are going up or down. In fact, I think we need at least 3 more icons. One for "this has been relatively flat for the time period", one for "this went up and back down" and one for "this went down and back up". This will give us a much better picture of the volatility for each symbol in the universe and will help us make better decisions about which symbols to buy and sell.

## Volatility Stored in Universe Table

It seems like the volatility data is currently being calculated on the fly and not stored in the database. But we only need to recalculate the volatility when we get new distribution data. We should be able to calculate the volatility every time we get distribution data (when we add screener data to the universe or add a new symbol to the universe or when we get the latest price and distribution data for the symbols in the universe) and store the volatility data in the universe table. This way, we can serve the volatility data directly from the database without having to calculate it on the fly every time we load the universe screen. This will improve the performance of the universe screen and also make it easier to implement the short term volatility column that we need to add.

## Short Term Volatility column on Universe screen

Similar to the long-term volatility column we currently have in the Universe screen, we need a short term volatility column that shows the past 1 year volatility. This will require changes to the backend to calculate and serve the short term volatility data, as well as changes to the frontend to display the new column in the Universe screen.

The column header for the short term volatility column should be "SVol" and it should be the 2nd column in the table, right after the "Vol" column that shows the long-term volatility.

This column should have the same icons as the long-term volatility column, but they should be based on the short-term volatility data instead of the long-term volatility data. This will give us a better picture of the recent volatility for each symbol in the universe and will help us make better decisions about which symbols to buy and sell.

## Janky Scrolling Returns

I'm still seeing issues with the janky scrolling.  What is frustrating is that it doesn't always happen.  For example, just now, universe worked but when I went to Open Positions it had the previously reported issue where I scroll down and the symbol doesn't show and the positions are all empty. Sold Positions and Dividend Deposits also still have issues.

Previous Epics where I've mentioned this issue and you say you've fixed it include Epics 29, 31, 44, 60 and 64.  You can find the descriptions and pointers to stories for them in the #file:planning-artifacts folder

As long as you don't modify any data, you can use the Playwright MCP server to see the issues on the live data, that probably has more data than your test data that the e2e tests using.

Your job is to keep iterating on this problem and to make sure you have adequate e2e test coverage for the problems you find.

You are not done until you can no longer replicate the problem using my live data where the server is running using `pnpm start:server` and the client is running using `pnpm start:dms-material` and the application is running on port 4201.

I've already run the two start commands.  I've provided them to you in case you need to restart them.

If you need to login, you can use any email and password.

This is critical functionality that must work consistently before we can release the application.

We also need a way to make sure this never recurs again and is caught during the story validation process. Preferably, by adding E2E tests that navigate to the affected screens and verifies that the scrolling issue works correctly with data that is similar in size and shape to the live data that is currently in the application.
