# New Epics to Implement

## Add New Symbol on Universe Screen

When I attempt to add a new symbol to the universe, the modal displays correctly, but after filling in the information, the "add" button does not enable. Probably because the symbol is not in the universe list and it is trying to validate against that when it should be doing exactly the opposite and verifying that the symbol is NOT in the universe list. This is a bug that needs to be fixed.

Be careful when fixing this. I believe the same code is used on the Open Positions Add modal. In this case, we only want the "add" button to enable if the symbol is in the Universe list.

## Closing a Position Doesn't Remove it

One the Open Positions screen, once I close a position by setting the sell date (Mst Rcnt Sll Dt) to a date and setting the sell price (Mst Rcnt Sell $) to a positive value, the position should be removed from the Open Positions list. It is not being removed until I refresh the page, which is a bug that needs to be fixed. The position should be removed as soon as I save the changes to it.

## Janky Scrolling (again)

The Janky scrolling issue we've been working on is fixed as long as we only look at a freshly loaded screen. But if, for example, I load the Universe screen and change from one account to another, the janky scrolling is back. As if the act of changing accounts (or filter) resets or doesn't reset something that causes the scrolling to become unstable.

We've worked on this issue in the previous epics: 29, 31, 44, 60, 64, 87, and 101. You can find the descriptions and pointers to stories for them in the #file:planning-artifacts folder.
