# New Epics to Implement

## System Testing

There are still some items that are not working as expected but I realized that instead of me telling you what they are and then you fixing them, and then me testing them again, we can short circuit this if I tell you how to test the application the way I test it to check up on you. You can just work on things until everything works.

### What still isn't working

- When load the universe with the data from the screener, I'm still seeing several symbols that have distributions per year set to 1 when they should be 12. The symbols in question are: OXLC, NHS, DHY, CIK and DMB. I've checked dividendhistory.net for these symbols specifically and they do indeed have 12 distributions per year.
- When importing the CSV file, I got an error, but enough got done that I can see that splits are working now.

### How to test this yourself

- We should make this an e2e test that we can add to so that we can test the full functionality and add to it. You'll need some way of tracking exactly what failed so you know what needs to be fixed. For this part of the test, you will not want to use the existing seeding functionality because we will be using real data instead and it should start with an empty database. You can use the existing e2e test framework and just add a new test file for this if you want. The important thing is that you have a repeatable process for testing this functionality that you can run as many times as needed until everything is working correctly.
- Make sure the following tables in the database you are using are empty before you start testing: screener, universe, trades, divDeposits (in that order).
- Open the client in a browser (using Playwright). If you need to login you can use any email/password combination.
- Navigate to the Screener page at http://localhost:4201/global/screener and click the "Refresh" button in the upper right corner of the page. This will bring up an overlay with a spinner while the server side is retrieving the latest data from CefConnect. Wait for that overlay to go away before proceeding to the next step.
- Once the screener "Refresh" is done, navigate to the Universe page at http://localhost:4201/global/universe and click the "Update Universe" button in the upper right corner of the page. This will also bring up an overlay with a spinner while the server side is retrieving the latest screener data and updating the Universe with the latest data. Wait for that overlay to go away before proceeding to the next step.
- Once the universe "Update" is done, you need to verify that the Dist/Year for the symbols I mentioned above (OXLC, NHS, DHY, CIK and DMB) are correct. You can do this by clicking the "Symbols" column to sort the symbols and look through the table OR you can look at the table in the database directly. The two fields you care about are "symbol" and "distributions_per_year". If these symbols are not correct, you need to fix the issue and then repeat the testing process from the beginning until they are correct.
- When you get here, congratulations, you have successfully fixed the issue with the distribution history not being retrieved correctly when we update the universe. Now you can move on to testing the CSV import functionality.
- To test the CSV import, you need to have a CSV file ready to go. You can use the one located at /home/dave/Fidelity-2025.csv. To import the file, navigate to the Universe page at http://localhost:4201/global/universe and click the "Import Fidelity CSV" button in the upper right corner of the page. This will bring up a file dialog where you can select the CSV file to import from the location I just told you about. At this time, you don't HAVE to use the UI if you can achieve the same thing by calling the server directly and pass in the file. The important thing is that you get the file imported. It should import without any errors. Once it has go ahead and also import the second file located at /home/dave/Fidelity-2026.csv. This will give you more data to work with and will also allow you to verify that the import is working correctly for multiple files. If there are any errors during the import process, you need to fix them and then repeat the testing process from the beginning until the import works without any errors.
- Once you have the CSV import working, you can consider this issue resolved.
