# New Epics to Implement

## Last $ column on Open Positions Tab

The Last $ column is missing the last price for the position. You can retrieve this from the Universe table when you get the symbol for the position on the server side. This should have been implemented during Epic 97 so you may have implemented some of it but it just isn't displaying.

## Delete Row on Universe Screen

I have a symbol that I want to delete from the universe. The trash can icon correctly shows on the row and when I click it, it says it deleted the symbol but the row but the row is still there, even after I refresh the page to retrieve fresh data from the server. This is a bug that needs to be fixed.

## General Scrolling Issues

On all screens, when I scroll down slowly, I can see one of the headers sometimes scroll up under the header above it and other times the content flickers like it is trying to figure out where it should be. If I scroll down far enough I can see the header content is scrolled down with the content.

It is all acting like maybe the Angular Material CDK virtual scrolling row height is off by a pixel but I've checked that and it looks correct.

We've attempted to fix this in the following epics in the past but it is still an issue: Epics 29, 31, 44, 60, 64 and 87. You can find the descriptions and pointers to stories for them in the #file:planning-artifacts folder.

## Electron App Build Bugs

### Sandbox Permissions:
[3823687:0508/173116.449742:FATAL:sandbox/linux/suid/client/setuid_sandbox_host.cc:166] The SUID sandbox helper binary was found, but is not configured correctly. Rather than run without sandboxing I'm aborting now. You need to make sure that /opt/DMS/chrome-sandbox is owned by root and has mode 4755.
Trace/breakpoint trap (core dumped)

The installers should take care of this permission issue so we don't see this message when we try to run the Electron app after installing it. This is a critical issue that must be fixed before we can release the Electron app.

### Missing Dependency:

Once I am able to run the application using --no-sandbox, I see the following error in the console:

A JavaScript error occurred in the main process
Uncaught Exception:
Error: Cannot find module 'tslib'
Require stack:
- /opt/DMS/resources/app.asar/dist/main.js
- at Module._resolveFilename (node:internal/modules/cjs/loader:1463:15)
    at s._resolveFilename (node:electron/js2c/browser_init:2:140120)
    at defaultResolveImpl (node:internal/modules/cjs/loader:1073:19)
    at resolveForCJSWithHooks (node:internal/modules/cjs/loader:1078:22)
    at Module._load (node:internal/modules/cjs/loader:1249:25)
    at c._load (node:electron/js2c/node_init:2:18060)
    at wrapModuleLoad (node:internal/modules/cjs/loader:262:19)
    at Module.require (node:internal/modules/cjs/loader:1563:12)
    at require (node:internal/modules/helpers:152:16)
    at Object.<anonymous> (/opt/DMS/resources/app.asar/dist/main.js:3:17)
[3825835:0508/173556.478008:ERROR:dbus/object_proxy.cc:572] Failed to call method: org.freedesktop.systemd1.Manager.StartTransientUnit: object_path= /org/freedesktop/systemd1: org.freedesktop.DBus.Error.InvalidArgs: Invalid argument
[3825870:0508/173556.529456:ERROR:media/gpu/vaapi/vaapi_wrapper.cc:1640] vaInitialize failed: unknown libva error

I'm told the fix for this is to add `"importHelpers": false` to the electron app's `tsconfig.json` file.

