# New Epics to Implement

## Added CEF should be set to expired

Currently, when we add a new symbol to the universe that is a closed end fund, we set the CEF field to true, but it is also, by definition, expired since it isn't in the universe or screener. We should set the CEF field to expired when we add a new symbol that is a closed end fund, so that we can easily filter for expired CEFs in the future if we want to.

## Inconsistent distribution periods and volatility calculations

It looks like you are currently assuming that the distribution period for all symbols is always the same frequency. This is not the case, as some symbols change. This causes your volatility calculations to look like they went up or down dramatically when, in fact, they didn't change at all, or at least not as much. You need to find a way to account for the difference in the distribution frequency when calculating the volatility, so that you are comparing apples to apples when you compare the distributions.

## Electron Installation Script

My intent for electron is that I would be able to install the application as a desktop app for Linux, Windows, and Mac. So far we have an electron app that is supposed to use the development dist folder for its content which is no better than running as a website from the development code. We need to create an installation script that will package the application and the database together in a way that allows someone to install it all on their computer and run it as a desktop application without needing to have node or any of the development dependencies installed.

The installation script should also take care up updating the schema of the database to the most recent version when the user installs a new version of the application, so that we don't have to worry about users having an outdated database schema when they update the application.
