# New Epics to Implement

## Grab Volatility During Import

It appears that when you add a new symbol during the import process on the Universe screen, you are not grabbing the volatility for that symbol. If it turns out you are, maybe you aren't grabbing all of the dividends when you pass them to the function(s) that determine volatility. This is a problem because the volatility is an important factor in determining the risk of a symbol, and if you aren't grabbing it during the import process, then you won't have it available when you need to calculate the risk for that symbol.

## Grab Volatility During Update Fields

It appears that when you update the fields on the Universe screen, you are not grabbing the volatility for that symbol. If it turns out you are, maybe you aren't grabbing all of the dividends when you pass them to the function(s) that determine volatility. This is a problem because the volatility is an important factor in determining the risk of a symbol, and if you aren't grabbing it during the import process, then you won't have it available when you need to calculate the risk for that symbol which may have changed since the last time you retrieved it.

## Return Symbol with divDeposit Data Instead of Looking it Up on the Client

Currently, when we retrieve the divDeposit data for a symbol, we send back the Universe ID instead of the Symbol itself. We create a lookup map on the client side that has all the symbols in the Universe and their corresponding IDs and then lookup the symbol based on the ID on the client side when we need it. It would make a lot more sense to just return the symbol with the divDeposit row and avoid the lookup on the client side.

Remove the universe lookup map and the related logic on the client side and change the return data for the row to return the symbol instead of the Universe ID.

## Return Symbol with Open Positions Data Instead of Looking it Up on the Client

Currently, when we retrieve the Open Positions data for a symbol, we send back the Universe ID instead of the Symbol itself. We create a lookup map on the client side that has all the symbols in the Universe and their corresponding IDs and then lookup the symbol based on the ID on the client side when we need it. It would make a lot more sense to just return the symbol with the Open Positions row and avoid the lookup on the client side.

Remove the universe lookup map and the related logic on the client side and change the return data for the row to return the symbol instead of the Universe ID.

## Return Symbol with Sold Positions Data Instead of Looking it Up on the Client

Currently, when we retrieve the Sold Positions data for a symbol, we send back the Universe ID instead of the Symbol itself. We create a lookup map on the client side that has all the symbols in the Universe and their corresponding IDs and then lookup the symbol based on the ID on the client side when we need it. It would make a lot more sense to just return the symbol with the Sold Positions row and avoid the lookup on the client side.

Remove the universe lookup map and the related logic on the client side and change the return data for the row to return the symbol instead of the Universe ID.
