# New Epics to Implement

## Inconsistent Row Heights

I notice that rows that have a icon button in them are 57px tall and without they are 52px tall. We need all rows to be the same height and then we need to adjust the rowHeight in the base-table.component.ts to match the new row height. There are also tests that expect the row height to be a specific height that you will need to change to match the new row height.

To be clear, I'm not fussy about the exact height. It can be 52px, 57px or something else as long as it looks good and is consistent across all rows. The important thing is that all rows are always the same height so that virtual scrolling works as expected.

## Universe Screen - "No results found" message

I don't know when this was added but it is displaying above the column headers. I think an empty table is sufficient and we should remove this message where ever you currently have it. It is extra noise that is not needed and is not implemented correctly so the easiest fix it to remove it.

## CSV Import - 400 (Bad Request)

When I import the CSV file I get a 400 (Bad Request) error that I was not getting before this last set of epics (63 - 66).

The file I'm trying to load is located at /home/dave/Fidelity-2025.csv. There is another file you can work with once you get that one working that is located at /home/dave/Fidelity-2026.csv.

The message from the server console is:
{"level":30,"time":1776120567275,"pid":1816771,"hostname":"Ubuntu-Office","reqId":"req-2y","req":{"method":"POST","url":"/api/universe","host":"localhost:4201","remoteAddress":"127.0.0.1","remotePort":51686},"msg":"incoming request"}

But nothing more.

We should have an e2e test that covers this scenario and it should be passing. If we don't have an e2e test that covers this scenario, we need to add one to ensure that this critical functionality is working correctly and does not regress in the future.

## Error Logs route is broken

I used to be able to click "Error Logs" in the global nav and it would load the error logs page.

Now I get the error: "ERROR RuntimeError: NG04002: Cannot match any routes. URL Segment: 'global/error-logs'"

It seems to me e2e tests should have caught this issue.

## Screener to Universe Not Picking up Distribution History

I used to think this was another issue but I see now that when I bring in the screener data into the Universe, many of the Distribution Per Year values are 1 when they should be 12. I don't understand how this could be happening. If we are retrieving the distributions when we update the universe, then all data should have the correct distribution values... both the current distribution amount AND the distributions per year. This is a critical issue because it is causing the annualized yield to be calculated incorrectly for many symbols in the universe, which is a key metric for evaluating the performance of the investment. We need to investigate why we are not retrieving the correct distribution history when we update the universe and implement a solution to fix this issue once and for all.

## Updating a row does not cause it to resort

When I update the value of a row, we should force the table to re-sort like we do when we update the sort order so that the row is located in the correct place in the list. We should not change our scroll position when we do this.
